[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: When we sent
you off on this Vue.js journey,
we had you try to change
the application to take advantage
of the API that we just put
in place last time around
to actually save the completed
status of the to-do list items.
And so we actually do have,
looking through,
we got one pull request which is great and
definitely implements this in a way
very similar to what I would recommend.
So let's actually take a look and
blow that up.
So, what we have here in this pull
request is a couple of changes.
The first is to our existing store utility
class or a utility object, I guess.
So we had some logic before that would
actually save every todo in the list,
if it was flagged with a Boolean
property called modified.
And this is just kind of
a byproduct of the way to do NBC,
it was originally implemented
where like the only way
todo items were saved were as
an entire list all at once.
So, that's still the way that it works.
So what we what we've done here
is updated that those AJAX
requests to in addition to
sending the title to the server,
also sending the completed status of
a todo item to the server as well.
We also have that down here in the update.
So both in the create and
the update steps,
we have just also started tracking
the completion status of the todo.
So, that was step one
that we had to do it.
Next, we had to modify
the user interface to actually
like save that property as
a part of the as a part of
the interface when something
was actually completed.
So what we did here, this is
the actual model or the view component.
We added another instance function here.
Actually, I might just open this file up,
so we can see what we did.
So there is a section of functions
within a view component called methods
which are callable as a part of,
then handling and other other scenarios.
So we had before and addTodo,
a removeTodo, editTodo,
doneEdit and
what we added here was a new method call
complete which takes
a todo that was completed.
And the actual property completed of
the to do is already being updated,
because it was bound to a property
of the checkbox object.
Maybe it would be easier to look at
that here in the source for index.ejs.
So, here is the for loop in which were
rendering all the individual list items.
And inside each list item,
there is a div that contains
the contents of the button,
but also this checkbox toggle
which was bound to the completed
property of the todo model.
So any time that checkbox is updated,
it's actually going to be
updating the bullion property completed
on the underlying to do list item,
so that property is already being updated.
So, what we did in this change set
here is we take the completed todo.
We flag it as having been modified,
which is necessary to actually
persist the save to the server and
then we call that same storage
method that we had before passing
in the current list of todos.
And because this todo
was marked as modified,
we're going to persist
that change to the server.
So, that was the only thing
we needed to change on
the actual view instance itself and
then the third
change in the pull request
was also necessary.
So we updated our our service,
which is the back-end.
We updated our controller,
our component logic.
We also updated our HTML here for
the actual view and
it was reformatted a little bit,
which is also good.
Get it closer to under 80 columns,
which I appreciate.
The primary change here was adding
a new event listener on this object.
So whenever the change of the event
happens on this checkbox,
we're gonna call this complete function on
the component passing in the current to
do that was that was updated and there's
a few ways you could've gone about this.
Listening for the change event is great
and probably, maybe the cleanest.
Another way would have been to attach
a click handler to this input, as well.
So here's our input checkbox,
listening for
the change of event and
calling our function is a great solution.
Another thing that you
might have done is add
a click handler function here and
then you could have called that
complete function passing in
the current todo for this item.
So that would have been a response
to the actual click, but
listening for the change of the property
is probably the best way to approach that.
So, excellent work on that piece.
That is precisely what I would
have done in this situation.
So good work and you did it much
better than I would have done,
had I live coded it in front of you.
So, I'm going to go ahead and
apply a plus one to that.
And since it's a bigger change, I'll pull
it down locally and make sure that it's
working properly before I merge it in, but
it looks absolutely perfect at this point.